URL: https://www.scholars4dev.com/4765/malaysian-international-scholarships/

Failed to send scholarship data to API: Malaysia International Scholarships (MIS)
Last updated: 03 Mar 2014 | CLOSED
Gov’t of Malaysia
Masters/PhD/PostDoc
Deadline: 31 March 2015
Study in: Malaysia
Course starts 2015
Brief description: [ad#contentadtext]
The Malaysia International Scholarship (MIS) for International Students is an initiative by the Malaysian Government to attract the best brains from around the world to pursue advance
d academic studies in Malaysia. This scholarship aims to support Malaysian Government’s effort to attract, motivate and retain talented human capital from abroad.
Host Institution(s):
Malaysian Public and Private Universities
Field(s) of study:
This scholarship is divided into two (2) categories of study: Postgraduate and Post-doctoral Studies. Field of studies are in the following priority areas:
a) Science and Engineering
b) Agriculture and Fisheries
c) Economics and Islamic Finance
d) Information and Communication Technology
e) Biotechnology
f) Biosecurity and Food Safety
g)  Infrastructure and Utility
h) Environmental Studies
i)  Health including but not limited to, nursing, medicine, clinical pharmacy
*Applicants may choose any related course within the field/areas mentioned above
Number of Scholarships:
Not specified
Target group:
Talented international students with excellent academic records and outstanding co-curricular backgrounds
Scholarship value/inclusions:
Each scholarship consists of:
a) Air tickets from recipient’s capital city to Malaysia
b) An approved tuition fees
c) Monthly maintenance allowance
d) Annual grant for books and internal travel
e) Medical / Health Insurance
f) Installation and Termination grant
g) Thesis allowance
h) Visa
Eligibility:
To be eligible for Malaysia International Scholarship (MIS), applicants must fit the following criteria:-
a) Not be more than 40 years (Postgraduate) and 45 years (Post-doctoral) of age during application.
b) Obtained a minimum of Second Class Upper (Honours) or a CGPA of 3.5/4.0 at Bachelor Degree Level for Masters Degree applicants and for PhD candidates must possess CGPA 3.5/4.0 or v
ery good result at Masters degree level in a similar field of intended PhD study. In addition, for post-doctoral programme, the selection will be evaluated based on the number of book
s produced, refereed/non refereed journals, portfolio and patent copyright. The Post-Doctoral candidate must have excellent reputation in research and possesses knowledge related to t
he research to be carried out.
c) Took one of the following English Language Proficiency Test not more than two years before the date of application. The list of tests and minimum scores required:
– IELTS Academic Test with a score of at least 6.5; or
– TOEFL paper-based test with a score of at least 580 or computer-based test with a score of at least 230 or internet-based test with a score at least 92.
d) In excellent health condition and certified by a Certified Doctor/Medical Professional. The cost of medical examination is to be borne by the applicants
e)  Wrote a proposal that is relevant to the field of studies.
f) Has applied for and gained admission to postgraduate and post-doctoral studies in Malaysia (conditional letters of offer will be accepted at the time of application or has a confir
mation of acceptance or affiliation with the universities in Malaysia).
Application instructions:
Applications are currently closed.
All applications should be made ONLINE through Ministry of Higher Education’s website starting from from 01 January 2015 until 31 March 2015.It is important to visit the official webs
ite (link found below) to access the online application form and for detailed information on how to apply for this scholarship.
Website:
Official Scholarship Website:  https://biasiswa.moe.gov.my/INTER/index.php
Related Scholarships: List of Government Scholarships for Foreign Students
Disclaimer: This is NOT the official scholarship page. This is only a one-page summarized listing of the scholarship. While we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct,
 information may change at any time without notice. For complete and updated information, please always refer to the official website of the scholarship provider. Any reliance you pla
ce on information from scholars4dev.com is strictly at your own risk. Please read our Terms of Use for more information.

OpenAI response: {
    "name": "Malaysia International Scholarships (MIS)",
    "description": "The Malaysia International Scholarship (MIS) for International Students is an initiative by the Malaysian Government to attract the best brains from around the wor
ld to pursue advanced academic studies in Malaysia. This scholarship aims to support Malaysian Government’s effort to attract, motivate and retain talented human capital from abroad."
,
    "type_id": "Masters/PhD/PostDoc",
    "exam_detail": "",
    "ielt": true,
    "minimum_ielts": "6.5",
    "overall_ielts": "6.5",
    "toefl": true,
    "toefl_ibt_score": "92",
    "toefl_pbt_score": "580",
    "gpa": "3.5/4.0",
    "ielts_condition": "not_specified",
    "toefl_condition": "not_specified",
    "gender": "",
    "status": "CLOSED",
    "max_age": "40 years (Postgraduate) / 45 years (Post-doctoral)",
    "experiences": "",
    "experience_detail": "",
    "sat_act": "",
    "gre_gmat": "",
    "amount": "",
    "deadline": "31 March 2015",
    "requirement": "Minimum GPA of 3.5/4.0, English language proficiency, relevant proposal, admission to Malaysian university",
    "benefit": "Air tickets, tuition fees, maintenance allowance, grant for books and internal travel, medical insurance, installation and termination grant, thesis allowance, visa", 
    "source_link": "https://biasiswa.moe.gov.my/INTER/index.php",
    "document": "",
    "apply": "Applications are currently closed. All applications should be made ONLINE through Ministry of Higher Education’s website starting from 01 January 2015 until 31 March 201
5.",
    "interview_detail": "",
    "days_remaining": "",
    "id": null,
    "image_url": "",
    "thumbnail_url": "",
    "majors": ["Science and Engineering", "Agriculture and Fisheries", "Economics and Islamic Finance", "Information and Communication Technology", "Biotechnology", "Biosecurity and F
ood Safety", "Infrastructure and Utility", "Environmental Studies", "Health"],
    "degrees": ["Masters", "PhD", "Post-Doctoral"],
    "countries": ["Malaysia"],
    "study_modes": []
}
